hey this is Miami Mike bringing it's a
new one stop shop cards and games in the
tinseltown ball I'm really pleased to
say that I've taken gaming to the next
level and take a look at what I've done
I've created an enterprise at board
games play space tech accessories in
this section here you got all your
sleeves we've got all your books you got
your RPGs you got your board games you
got to excuse us because we're still in
the construction and follow me we have
our computers with fiber optics 300 megs
per second we have our wheelchair
handicap accessibility here wonderful
and we're basically putting the store
together still is all our card game
section all are well TCG all our magic
and all Pokemon is there all our board
games are a lot of this fall we have
play space to host up to 180 people Wow
180 people excellent is our war machine
section thinking good gander at that Oh
excellent
yeah yeah
those are what are you second here Wow
together and lonely and put them
together over there playing games here
and we got our yeah and we got our start
front now which we did wanting for the
longest time now create glow and we're
still working on the outside of the
store we're going to get a sign up real
soon
we got underground parking up to 800
cars oh my god fantastic so that's it
right I tell me more but your grand
opening party yeah we're gonna have a
grand opening party on the fifth of July
rings Jew in this next month or shall I
know we're me weird man in June Jim our
grand opening party here from noon to
midnight excellent will have different
stations here with different games going
on and different things going on and
come down and bring some of your friends
here check it out see we got going on
and it's late night store so if you're
at the board gaming here in two
they're always going to find something
to do here and visit us at WWF shop
cards and games com that's all letters
no asterisks no other score is one stop
shop cartoon games calm and you get all
the full information on our event nights
what we have going on and check out a
new web store that we're setting up and
see if there's anything you could you
require so that's it great store
excellent thanks so much Mike awesome
but back to you April oh thank you